NetworkManager Thunar acl acpi acpid adwaita-icon-theme alacritty
alacritty-terminfo alsa-lib at-spi2-atk at-spi2-core atk attr audiofile
autoconf automake avahi-libs base-files base-system bash boost
btrfs-progs bzip2 c-ares ca-certificates cairo celt compton confuse
coreutils cpio dash dbus dbus-glib dbus-libs dbus-x11 dejavu-fonts-ttf
desktop-file-utils device-mapper dhcpcd diffutils dmenu dnssec-anchors
dosfstools dracut e2fsprogs e2fsprogs-libs efibootmgr encodings ethtool
eudev eudev-libudev exo expat f2fs-tools faad2 feh file findutils
firefox font-adobe-100dpi font-adobe-75dpi font-adobe-utopia-100dpi
font-adobe-utopia-75dpi font-adobe-utopia-type1 font-alias font-awesome5
font-bh-100dpi font-bh-75dpi font-bh-lucidatypewriter-100dpi
font-bh-lucidatypewriter-75dpi font-bh-ttf font-bh-type1
font-bitstream-100dpi font-bitstream-75dpi font-bitstream-type1
font-cursor-misc font-daewoo-misc font-dec-misc font-ibm-type1
font-isas-misc font-jis-misc font-misc-misc font-mutt-misc font-util
fontconfig freetype fribidi fuse gawk gdbm gdk-pixbuf giflib git glib
glibc glibc-locales gmp gnutls graphite grep grub grub-x86_64-efi gtk+3
gtk-update-icon-cache gzip hicolor-icon-theme hwids i3-gaps i3blocks
i3lock i3status iana-etc iceauth icu-libs imlib2 inih iproute2 iptables
iputils ipw2100-firmware ipw2200-firmware iw jansson jbigkit-libs kbd
kmod kpartx lame lcms2 less libICE libSM libX11 libXScrnSaver libXau
libXaw libXcomposite libXcursor libXdamage libXdmcp libXext libXfixes
libXfont2 libXfontcache libXft libXi libXinerama libXmu libXpm libXrandr
libXrender libXt libXtst libXv libXvMC libXxf86misc libXxf86vm libaio
libao libaom libarchive libass libasyncns libavcodec libavfilter
libavformat libavresample libavutil libblkid libboost_chrono1.72
libboost_filesystem1.72 libboost_locale1.72 libboost_program_options1.72
libboost_regex1.72 libboost_system1.72 libboost_thread1.72 libbs2b
libcap libcap-ng libcap-progs libcddb libcdio libcdio-paranoia libcolord
libconfig libcrypto1.1 libcups libcurl libdatrie libdav1d4 libdb libdmx
libdrm libedit libefivar libelf libelogind libepoxy libev libevdev
libevent libexif libfdisk libffi libfftw libflac libfontenc libgbm libgcc
libglapi libglvnd libgomp libgudev libgusb libharfbuzz libid3tag libidn2
libinput libjack libjpeg-turbo libjpeg-turbo-tools libkmod libldap libldns
libllvm12 libltdl liblz4 liblzma libmad libmagic libmcpp libmikmod
libmm-glib libmms libmnl libmodplug libmount libmpdclient libmpg123
libndp libnetfilter_conntrack libnfnetlink libnfs libnftnl libnl3 libnm
libnotify libogg libpcap libpciaccess libpcre libpcre2 libpng libpostproc
libpsl libpulseaudio libreadline8 librsvg librtmp libsamplerate libsasl
libsensors libshout libsmartcols libsndfile libsndio libsodium libsoxr
libspeex libssh2 libssl1.1 libstdc++ libswresample libswscale libtasn1
libtdb libthai libtheora libtirpc libtool libunbound libunistring
libupnp libusb libuuid libuv libva libvdpau libvidstab libvorbis
libvpx6 libwacom libwebp libxatracker libxbps libxcb libxfce4panel
libxfce4ui libxfce4util libxkbcommon libxkbcommon-x11 libxkbfile
libxml2 libxshmfence libzstd linux linux-base linux-firmware-amd
linux-firmware-broadcom linux-firmware-intel linux-firmware-network
linux-firmware-nvidia linux5.13 llhttp lzo m4 man-pages mcpp mdocml
mesa mesa-dri mit-krb5-libs mkfontscale mobile-broadband-provider-info
mpd mtdev ncmpcpp ncurses ncurses-base ncurses-libs neofetch nettle
newt nghttp2 nodejs nspr nss nvi ocl-icd oclock oniguruma openresolv
openssh openssl opus orc os-prober p11-kit pam pam-base pam-libs
pango pciutils perl perl-AnyEvent perl-AnyEvent-I3 perl-Authen-SASL
perl-Canary-Stability perl-Convert-BinHex perl-Digest-HMAC
perl-IO-Socket-SSL perl-IO-stringy perl-JSON-XS perl-MIME-tools
perl-MailTools perl-Net-SMTP-SSL perl-Net-SSLeay perl-TimeDate
perl-Types-Serialiser perl-URI perl-common-sense picom pixman popt
procps-ng removed-packages rofi run-parts runit runit-void scrot sed
sessreg setxkbmap shadow shared-mime-info slang smproxy speexdsp sqlite
startup-notification sudo taglib tar tiff traceroute transset twolame
tzdata usbutils util-linux util-linux-common vim vim-common void-artwork
vulkan-loader wayland which wifi-firmware wpa_supplicant x11perf x264
x265 xauth xbacklight xbps xbps-triggers xcalc xcb-util xcb-util-cursor
xcb-util-image xcb-util-keysyms xcb-util-renderutil xcb-util-wm
xcb-util-xrm xclipboard xclock xcmsdb xconsole xcursorgen xdpyinfo
xev xeyes xf86-input-evdev xf86-input-libinput xf86-input-synaptics
xf86-input-vmmouse xf86-input-wacom xf86-video-amdgpu xf86-video-ati
xf86-video-dummy xf86-video-fbdev xf86-video-intel xf86-video-nouveau
xf86-video-vesa xf86-video-vmware xfconf xfontsel xfsprogs xgamma
xhost xinit xinput xkbcomp xkbevd xkbutils xkeyboard-config xkill xload
xlogo xlsatoms xlsclients xmessage xmodmap xorg xorg-apps xorg-fonts
xorg-input-drivers xorg-server xorg-server-common xorg-video-drivers xpr
xprop xrandr xrdb xrefresh xset xsetroot xvidcore xvinfo xwd xwininfo
xwud xxd yajl zd1211-firmware zlib zziplib
